# Properties

Usually all components you want to document have some properties, which should be described. Properties code block allows do it as easy as possible.

Suppose you have a *Input.svelte* component with following properties:

```html
<script>
    export let name;
    export let type = 'text';
    export let disabled = false;
    export let size = 1;
</script>
```

There are four properties:

1. *name* - it hasn't default value, so it is not optional. Probably it should be string type, but who knows.
2. *type* - it is string value, optional because has default value. What other values may be used? 
3. *disabled* - it is simple: optional, type bool, false by default.
4. *size* - easy: optional, type number, 1 by default. Nope! Also it could be string like '20px' too.

So lets create fancy table of properties for this component:

```markdown
    ```properties
    name | Name of the input | string
    type | Type of the input | 'text','number','range','date'('text)
    disabled | Should the input be disabled | bool(false)
    size | Size of the input | number/string(1)
    ```
```

```properties
name | Name of the input | string
type | Type of the input | 'text','number','range','date'('text)
disabled | Should the input be disabled | bool(false)
size | Size of the input | number/string(1)
```

Now user of your component will know all about its properties.

### Describing property

* Each line of the *properties* code block must have three parts separated by `|` sign: *name* of the property, *description* and *type* of the property.

* If property may have one of the defined values, list them separated by commas: `'a','b','c'`
  
* If property may be various types - list them with `/` separator: `number/string/bool`,`'a','b','c'/bool`

* If property has default value add it in `(...)` right after *types*: `bool(true)`, `string/number('foo')`

### Autogenerated properties

Another way to describre properties, retrieve it right from the Svelte component. But you should add special comment lines above each property. Let's change our *Input.svelte* and add comment for each properties:

```html
// ./../mylib/Input.svelte
<script>
    /* Name of the input | string */
    export let name;
    /* Type of the input | 'text','number','range','date' */
    export let type = 'text';
    /* Should the input be disabled | bool */
    export let disabled = false;
    /* Size of the input | number/string */
    export let size = 1;
</script>
```

You should write only description and types in the comments. Property name and default value will be parsed automaticly.

Then just place a path to the this component inside Properties code block:

```markdown
    ```properties
    ./../mylib/Input.svelte
    ```
```

And get the result:

```properties
    ./exlibris/Input.svelte
```